How can you go so far?
This is no place for people like you
If you bump into our guest of honor
We lost a lot of business
You can't pay with your life
Didn't you say it?
I prove I don't know
Okay, okay.
Go away now
If you don't leave, I'm going to call security
What's all the noise over there?
It seems that there is a woman who can't afford clothes and has to try it on
Help me wrap all the clothes just now
I'll go take a look. Okay.
Get out of here
Why are you still on the ground?
Are you trying to corrupt me, you samba?
Is this how your clothing store treats customers? Isn't that so, Mrs. Liu?
It's this woman who can't afford one of your clothes and still has to try it on.
Mrs. Jiang Mrs. Jiang
I bought all the clothes he likes for him.
Mrs. Liu, do you still need to know?
Of course he's my friend.
Be polite to him
Don't put on a dog-eyed face that looks at people low
Hey, sorry, sorry.
Mrs. Liu didn't expect you to know him
This is the clothes from the store.
You can choose whatever you want.
No, you're fired.
Mrs. Liu, let me go quickly
Mrs. Jiang is really nice
I didn't expect you to be alive